doc: extend Thread CLI sample with SRP information (#8396)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/openthread/cli/README.rst

      .. code-block:: console

         uart:~$ ot ping fe80:0:0:0:acbd:53bf:1461:a861
         16 bytes from fe80:0:0:0:acbd:53bf:1461:a861: icmp_seq=3 hlim=64 time=421ms
         1 packets transmitted, 1 packets received. Packet loss = 0.0%. Round-trip min/a
         Done

      Observe that the reply latency is reduced to a value below 500 ms.
      The reduction occurs because the transmission from the leader is performed using CSL, based on the CSL Information Elements sent by the CSL Receiver.

#. Verify the Service Registration Protocol (SRP) functionality.

>    a. On the leader kit, enable the Backbone Router function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   a. On the leader kit, enable the SRP Server function:
```

Author: Thanks, C&P :)

      .. code-block:: console

         uart:~$ ot srp server enable
         Done

   #. Register a `_ipps._tcp`` service on the router kit (now SED):

      .. code-block:: console

         uart:~$ ot srp client host name my-host
         Done
         uart:~$ ot srp client host address fdde:ad00:beef:0:e0fc:dc28:1d12:8c2
         Done
         uart:~$ ot srp client service add my-service _ipps._tcp 12345
         Done
         uart:~$ ot srp client autostart enable
         Done

>    #. Check if the host and service has been successfully registered:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   #. On the router kit (now SED), check that the host and service have been successfully registered:
```
Adding mention of the router kit is not 100 % required, but better to be extra thorough.
